README.md, before:

# Rest-with-spring-boot-and-java-erudio

## Separate course objectives in each module

### configure environment

- Install and configure all the tools used in the course.

### configuring project

- Configure and download dependencies used in the project using SpringBoot 3 in conjunction with the IDE.

### Getting Started with Spring Boot 3

- First steps in SpringBoot 3 such as understanding how Pom.xml and Maven works and creating the first endpoints.

## Understanding how Path parms work and exception handling

- Learning to define application logic, validation methods, understanding annotations like @RestController @Requestmapping, @PathVariable and exception handling with @ControllerAdvice, @ReponseStatus and ExceptionHandle.

### How to use is HTTP verbs (GET, POST, PUT AND DELETE)

- Learning when and how to use HTTP verbs.

### Integrating the API to the Database

- Creating database, setting connection properties.

- inserting annotations that reference the entities in the database with @entity @colum and @repository.

- removing mocks and updating the create, update, delete and find methods to work together with the database.

- refactoring person controller.

- Refactoring repository interface.

### Object value design pattern

- Add Dozzer mapper in the project.

- Creating unit tests for test the Dozzer mapper.

- Refactoring services to work with VO(value object) product

### Adding support for migrations with flyway

- Adding migrations to the project.

- migrations with prompt and flyway.

### Content Negotiation

- Implementing Content Negotiation with QUERY Parameter.

- Implementing Content Negotiation with HEADER Parameter.

- Serialize in YML.

### implementing HATEOAS

- Adding Represetation model.

- Converting the mapper to use the VO's key attribute as the model id.

- Implementing HATEOAS in API operations.

- Using Mockito for testing with Junit5.

- Create test case for create and update with null object as parameter.

- implementing test in the find all method using mock entity list.

Commit message:

adding swager in the project

README.md, after:

# Rest-with-spring-boot-and-java-erudio

## Separate course objectives in each module

### configure environment

- Install and configure all the tools used in the course.

### configuring project

- Configure and download dependencies used in the project using SpringBoot 3 in conjunction with the IDE.

### Getting Started with Spring Boot 3

- First steps in SpringBoot 3 such as understanding how Pom.xml and Maven works and creating the first endpoints.

## Understanding how Path parms work and exception handling

- Learning to define application logic, validation methods, understanding annotations like @RestController @Requestmapping, @PathVariable and exception handling with @ControllerAdvice, @ReponseStatus and ExceptionHandle.

### How to use is HTTP verbs (GET, POST, PUT AND DELETE)

- Learning when and how to use HTTP verbs.

### Integrating the API to the Database

- Creating database, setting connection properties.

- Inserting annotations that reference the entities in the database with @entity @colum and @repository.

- Removing mocks and updating the create, update, delete and find methods to work together with the database.

- Refactoring person controller.

- Refactoring repository interface.

### Object value design pattern

- Add Dozzer mapper in the project.

- Creating unit tests for test the Dozzer mapper.

- Refactoring services to work with VO(value object) product

### Adding support for migrations with flyway

- Adding migrations to the project.

- Migrations with prompt and flyway.

### Content Negotiation

- Implementing Content Negotiation with QUERY Parameter.

- Implementing Content Negotiation with HEADER Parameter.

- Serialize in YML.

### Implementing HATEOAS

- Adding Represetation model.

- Converting the mapper to use the VO's key attribute as the model id.

- Implementing HATEOAS in API operations.

- Using Mockito for testing with Junit5.

- Create test case for create and update with null object as parameter.

- implementing test in the find all method using mock entity list.

### Adding Swager Support

- Swager is a farmwork with support for most existing programming languages, it helps developers define, create, document and consume RESTFull services

- Adding Swager in application.
